# BayesianPAC

Reproducibility as a means to achieve consistency and transparency is considered integral to the scientific method. An analysis is considered reproducible if an independent person can obtain the same results from the same data and it is surprisingly difficult to achieve. We have recently proposed a largely automated workflow that addresses common threats to reproducibility such as inconsistency of code, data, or both, copy-and-paste errors, undocumented analysis steps, or ill-defined software dependencies. Based on this framework, we proposed preregistration as code (PAC) as a means to preregister a study plan in the form of computer code. We argue that computer code is unambiguous and should serve as the primary form of preregistration whereas a natural language manuscript is only a secondary form to increase accessibility. With PAC, researchers compose the majority of their manuscript including all analysis code in a dynamic document that can be compiled with simulated data to serve as preregistration. Once real data are available, the document is regenerated (i.e., the results are automatically updated to reflect the empirical data), finalized, and published. In Bayesian analyses, the specification of prior distributions is an integral part of the preregistration. The combination of PAC and preregistration allows authors, reviewers, and editors to preregister their own priors in the review process. Because PAC is based on dynamic documents, different posteriors can then be easily generated once data are available. Reviewers may select themselves into particular roles such as "opponent", "sceptic", or "proponent" and chose priors accordingly. Ultimately, this even allows dynamic priors post-publication, such that readers can render their own report based on the priors they select before accessing the manuscript. This approach may provide a new venue to harmonize differing views during the review process in a formal way and provide readers with novel ways to interact with dynamic reports of Bayesian analyses.

